53
MISSION OBJECTIVES 
 
^ At the end of the game, dominate the nearest Sector to 
your Deployment Zone (1 Objective Point). 
 
^ At the end of the game, dominate the central Sector 
(3 Objective Points). 
 
^ At the end of the game, dominate the farthest Sector 
from your Deployment Zone (4 Objective Points). 
 
^ Kill the enemy Key Ops (2 Objective Points). 
 
^ Alternatively, at the end of the game, Threaten the enemy 
Key Ops (1 Objective Point).

TACTICAL SUPPORT OPTIONS 
0
SUITABLE FOR REINFORCEMENTS
NO
FORCES AND DEPLOYMENT 
SIDE A and SIDE B: Both players will deploy on opposite sides 
of the game table, in Deployment Zones whose size depends on 
the number of Army Points in the Army Lists.
SIDE
ARMY 
POINTS
SWC GAME TABLE SIZE DEPLOYMENT ZONES 
SIZES
A and B
150
3
24 in x 32 in
8 in x 24 in
A and B
200
4
32 in x 48 in
12 in x 32 in
A and B
250
5
32 in x 48 in
12 in x 32 in
A and B
300
6
48 in x 48 in
12 in x 48 in
A and B
350
7
48 in x 48 in
12 in x 48 in
A and B
400
8
48 in x 48 in
12 in x 48 in

54
SCENARIO SPECIAL RULES 
SECTORS (ZO) 
When the game is finished, but not before, 3 Sectors are marked 
out. In 200/250/300/350/400 point games, these Sectors are 
8 inches deep and as wide as the game table. Two of these 
Sectors are placed 4 inches from the central line of the game 
table, one on each side, and the third Sector is a strip 8 inches 
deep in the central area of the table. 
In 150 point games, these Sectors are 4 inches deep and as 
wide as the game table. Two of these Sectors are placed 2 
inches from the central line of the game table, one on each side, 
and the third Sector is a strip 4 inches deep in the central area 
of the table. 
In this scenario each Sector is a Zone of Operations (ZO).
DOMINATE ZO 
A Zone of Operations (ZO) is Dominated by a player if they have 
more Victory Points than the adversary inside the area. Only 
Troopers represented by Models or Markers (Camouflaged, 
Shasvastii-Embryo...) count, as well as Proxies and Peripheral 
Troops. Troops in a Null State do not count. Tokens representing 
weapons or pieces of equipment (like Mines or Deployable 
Repeaters), fake Holoechoes, and any Token that does not 
represent a Trooper does not count either. 
A Trooper is inside a Zone of Operations when more than half 
the Trooper’s base is inside that ZO.
SHASVASTII 
Troopers possessing the Shasvastii Special Skill that are inside 
a Zone of Operations count while they are in the Unconscious 
State or any non-Null State.
BAGGAGE 
Troopers possessing the Baggage piece of Equipment that are 
inside a Zone of Operations and in a non-Null State provide an 
additional 20 Victory Points for Dominating the ZO.
KILLING 
Troopers are considered Killed by the adversary when they 
enter Dead State, or they are in a Null State at the end of the 
game. 
Troopers that have not been deployed on the game table, as a 
Model or Marker, at the end of the game will be considered to be 
Killed by the adversary. 
KEY OPS
The Key Ops is a special tactics operator with unique training to 
conduct multi-domain reconnaissance and combat across the 
full spectrum of conflicts.
At the end of the Deployment Phase, in Initiative order, players 
must declare which Trooper from their Army List is their Key 
Ops. The Trooper chosen must be always one of the models 
deployed on the game table. Players are not allowed to choose 
Troopers in Hidden Deployment or in Marker state. This Trooper 
must always be on the game table as a Model and not as a 
Marker (Camouflaged, Holoecho…). Also, Irregular Troops and 
those whose Troop Type is REM or VH are not eligible to be Key 
Ops. 
The Key Ops possesses the Dodge (+3) and Tactical Awareness 
Special Skills, even if those are not listed on their Unit Profile. 
These Special Skills are not cumulative, if the Trooper already 
has them, then they are not applied. 
The Key Ops is identified with a Player A or B Marker.
THREATEN KEY OPS 
A Key Ops is Threatened by a player if they have at least one 
Trooper (as a Model, not a Marker) in a non-Null state inside the 
Key Ops’ Zone of Control. 
HVT AND CLASSIFIED DECK NOT USED 
In this scenario, the HVT Model and Secure HVT rules are not 
applied. Players will not deploy the HVT Model on the game 
table and they will not use the Classified Deck in this scenario.
END OF THE MISSION 
This scenario has a limited time frame, so it will automatically 
finish at the end of the third Game Round.